README.md, before:

# aaravarora3835@github:~$ whoami
```bash
USER="Aarav Arora"
ROLE="High School Sophomore"
FOCUS="Cybersecurity & Computer Science"
STATUS="Active Learning"
```

High school student learning cybersecurity through hands-on labs, secure system design, and practical projects. Focused on building strong fundamentals in Linux, networking, and security concepts.

## Current Work
```bash
- TryHackMe: Pre Security path (hands-on labs)
- SecureScholar: digital safety education platform
- Personal cybersecurity home lab
```

## Projects

**SecureScholar**  
Beginner-focused cybersecurity learning platform teaching phishing awareness, password hygiene, and online privacy.  
Live: https://aaravarora3835.github.io/SecureScholar-Platform  
Repo: https://github.com/AaravArora3835/SecureScholar-Platform

**TryHackMe Labs**  
Documented hands-on labs covering offensive/defensive security fundamentals, Linux, and networking.  
Repo: https://github.com/AaravArora3835/TryHackMe-Labs

**Cybersecurity Home Lab**  
Virtual machine lab for practicing Linux usage and security basics.  
Repo: https://github.com/AaravArora3835/Cybersecurity-HomeLab

## Certifications
```bash
- Google Cybersecurity Certificate
```

## Foundations & Tools
```bash
Linux (Kali, Ubuntu) | Windows
Networking basics | Security fundamentals
TryHackMe | VirtualBox | Git | GitHub
```

---
```bash
$ echo "Building strong security fundamentals step by step"
```

**Contact:**  
GitHub: https://github.com/AaravArora3835  
Email: aaravarora3835@gmail.com

Commit message:

Add experience section to README
Added experience section detailing CyberPatriot competition and Linux skills.

README.md, after:

# aaravarora3835@github:~$ whoami
```bash
USER="Aarav Arora"
ROLE="High School Sophomore"
FOCUS="Cybersecurity & Computer Science"
STATUS="Active Learning"
```

High school student learning cybersecurity through hands-on labs, secure system design, and practical projects. Focused on building strong fundamentals in Linux, networking, and security concepts.

## Current Work
```bash
- TryHackMe: Pre Security path (hands-on labs)
- SecureScholar: digital safety education platform
- Personal cybersecurity home lab
```

## Projects

**SecureScholar**  
Beginner-focused cybersecurity learning platform teaching phishing awareness, password hygiene, and online privacy.  
Live: https://aaravarora3835.github.io/SecureScholar-Platform  
Repo: https://github.com/AaravArora3835/SecureScholar-Platform

**TryHackMe Labs**  
Documented hands-on labs covering offensive/defensive security fundamentals, Linux, and networking.  
Repo: https://github.com/AaravArora3835/TryHackMe-Labs

**Cybersecurity Home Lab**  
Virtual machine lab for practicing Linux usage and security basics.  
Repo: https://github.com/AaravArora3835/Cybersecurity-HomeLab

## Certifications
```bash
- Google Cybersecurity Certificate
```

## Experience

```bash
- CyberPatriot competitor — National Youth Cyber Defense Competition
- Worked specifically with Linux using distros such as Ubuntu, Mint21, and Fedora
- Advanced to Semifinals with team (Linux, Windows, and Cisco security challenges)
```

## Foundations & Tools
```bash
Linux (Kali, Ubuntu) | Windows
Networking basics | Security fundamentals
TryHackMe | VirtualBox | Git | GitHub
```

---
```bash
$ echo "Building strong security fundamentals step by step"
```

**Contact:**  
GitHub: https://github.com/AaravArora3835  
Email: aaravarora3835@gmail.com
